Technical Assessment Back-end Developer Description Please, develop an application that connects to DB and creates an API (REST/GraphQL). The DB consists of three tables: character nemesis secret Developed BE should allow reading all data and also return statistics. Data should be returned in JSON tree structure and should contain: data for characters, their nemesis and their secret codes (in tree structure) count of characters average age of characters and nemeses (till today) average weight of characters Connection string for db is: postgres://hvyvudcn:xvQqbJ22KEb7auJxdvpPyj5kbC@dontpanic.k42.app/postgres

Response example for inspiration: “characters_count”: 42, “average_age”: 42, “average_weight”: 42 “genders”: { “female”: 42 “male”: 42 “other”: 42 }, “characters”: "data":{ "id":44, "name":"Trillian","gender":"female", "ability":"mathematician",“minimal_distance":"6.2000000000",“weight":49,"born":"Mon Dec 14 00:00:00 CET 1994","in_space_since":"Wed Dec 24 17:21:50 CET 2014","beer_consumption":6704,"knows_the_answer":true "children":"has_nemesis":"records": "data": "id":1007,"character_id":44,"is_alive":true, "years":29"children": has_secret": "records": "data": "id":2008,"nemesis_id":1007,"secret_code":1799820570,"children": }

Scope Usage of REST/GraphQL protocol You can use any library/boilerplate code you want Structure of medium-size production application Focus on code quality, correct usage of chosen technologies, data consistency Let us know how much time you have spend on this (Optional) Write down known issues and what would you done different if you had more time Submission Please share your work with us in the form of access to the repository filip.molcik@koala42.com (gitlab/github/…) and also give heads-up on the same address and hr@koala42.com. Final Comments We truly appreciate you taking the time to complete this assignment. We don't want you to spend many hours on this, the less the better. We are not looking for perfection. Please let us know how much time you have spent on this. Please feel free to reach out if you have any doubts or questions.

Pro spuštění applikaci použijze nasledujicí příkazy: node app.js (V počítacové applikaci MS Visual Studio Code): V webové servery Google Chrome, Opera Browser Microsoft Edge a dalé přes http://localhost:3000/ a http://localhost:3000/data
Pro lepší viditelnost můžete zformátovat webovou stránku